Could you elaborate a bit on
the host remote generations Nevets?
>> This is a guide within
the NX documentation.
And I think they do a pretty good job
of explaining a lot of these concepts.
But I would say any gaps that I leave,
by all means,
I'd go check out this particular article,
and
do this actually say who wrote this?
Neither here nor there.
So let's just take a quick tour of this.
Conceptually it's a little bit much and
I will be the first to admit that it took
me a couple days of kinda staring at it,
and thinking about it for
it to become kinda natural, and
I'm still warming up to it.
So, how this works is that,
let's start with the remote.
So, we have a remote that is sessions,
and within this,
We have a ModuleFederationConfig.
So this is pretty important.
The ModuleFederationConfig
essentially says,
I want to attach a name just like a route,
to, like this name exposes this,
let me see if they actually,
Exposes a record that says at this name,
at this place, we are going to load this
routing table, or this remote entry point.
Then from there, if we go
into the entry routes here,
This is saying we have a route that's just
going to load the RemoteEntryComponent.
So by convention,
remote applications have this
remote kind of entry point
where you have your remote
entry routes and
your RemoteEntryComponent.
Now, this allows you to,
on the routes and on the component,
Load any kind of dependencies that you
need for the rest of that component and
everything underneath of it,
in a very distinct way,
because you can actually have more
than one entry point into a component.
So you could, in theory,
load this ns-welcome component
directly into the app.
And this happens is what if you
wanna load this into another app,
but maybe you wanna load
a portion of it into the app that
it lives is that the remote
entry point allows you to
set context specifically to
the federated module mechanism.
So this is how this works
on the remote side,
is that we have this
ModuleFederationConfig that's
just saying, hey,
this is what you need to look for.
But for sessions and
we're exposing this via webpack, and
it's pointing to these routes.
Now, if we go to, just close this down,
our host,
this is a little bit different in that,
initially, what we had was in our
FederatedConfig, we had a name and
we were statically defining our remotes.
But ultimately,
unless you're doing a very simple app,
I think you want this to be dynamic.
In the assets folder, which is around here
somewhere we created a manifest, and
you can have n number of records in this.
So instead of pointing to a routing table
that points to a module
you are pointing to
an n point that you expose
in the main.ts in the host.
So in the host, you are going and
loading the manifest.
You're parsing it and then you're saying,
take these records, and
create remote definitions.
And so this is an asynchronous thing, that
happens before you get down to line 6,
which is,
then you bootstrap the application.
The last little piece to this is in your
host application instead
of doing loadChildren,
because this is now
a remotely defined n point,
you need to wrap the insides of this
function with loadRemoteModule.
So, there is just
a handful of moving pieces,
pretty small, a lot of it is
actually generated by the CLI.
I think with this,
what's a little bit confusing is
you are only changing five lines of code,
it seems like.
You're just doing it in
five different files.